{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 @MingLiU_HKSCS-ExtB;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red158\green124\blue124;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang9                                \cf2\fs72 Prabhatsinh\par
\cf1\ulnone\f1\fs40 Module 1 [Hardware and its components]\par
\cf3 Topic: The Visible Computer\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Basic\cf0\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 1. What is hardware?\par
ANS :- Hardware refers to the physical components of a computer or electronic device, including the CPU, memory, storage devices, motherboard, input/output devices, and peripherals. It is the tangible, visible part of a computer system.\par
2. What is the purpose of Hardware?\par
ANS :- Hardware serves the purpose of providing the physical components necessary for electronic devices to execute instructions, store and retrieve data, and facilitate communication and user interaction.\cf1\fs40\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. list out two types of hardware.\par
ANS :- external and internal\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0 1. What is core hardware\par
ANS :- Core hardware includes esswntial compenents like the CPU, RAM, motherboard, storge device and power supply unit, forming the fundametal elements crucial for a computer's basic functionality. \par
2. Do a practical of identifying hardware\par
ANS :- Done\cf1\fs40\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Hardware Networking\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3 Topic: Category of components\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the category of components in hardware?\par
ANS :- 1. Processing Components\par
             2. Storage and Memory Components\par
2. Why category is needed?\par
ANS :- Categories Streamline Understanding\par
Facilitating Communication and Organization\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0 1. Do a practical to identify the components in which category they come.\par
ANS :- Done\f2\par
\cf3\f1\fs40 Topic: Input Device\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is input device?\par
ANS :- A piece of equiment hardware which helps us enter data into a computer  \par
2. Why input device needed?\par
ANS :- Allow users to add, edit, or feed a new set of data or intruction to the computer \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the input device.\par
ANS :- Diverse Input Devices:\par
           1. Keyboard\par
           2. Mouse\par
           3. Touchscreen\par
           4. Microphone\par
2. Do a practical to identify input device and describe how it works.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs40 Topic: Output Device\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are output device?\par
ANS:-  Output Devices Overview:\par
1. Monitor/Display\par
2. Printer\par
3. mice\par
4. speaker\par
2. how does output device work?\par
ANS:- Output Device Function:\par
1. Display/Monitor: Receives digital signals from the computer, converts them into visual output using pixels, and presents information on the screen.\par
2. Printer: Translates digital data into a physical format, typically on paper, using mechanisms such as inkjet or laser technology.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40 Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the output device.\par
ANS:- Common Output Devices:\par
1. Monitor/Display, Printer graphics on paper.\par
2. Do a practical to identify the output device and describe its working process.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs40 Topic: Motherboard\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs32  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0 1. What is motherboard?\par
ANS:- A motherboard is the main circuit board in a computer that connects essential components like the CPU, RAM, and storage devices. It provides the platform for these components to communicate and function together, facilitating the computer's overall operation.\par
2. Why it is called motherboad\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What it is called if we remove all components from the motherboard?\par
2. Describe types of motherboard.\par
ANS:- ATX motherboard, AT motherboard LPX motherboard mini motherboard\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40 Assignments level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical by identifying parts of motherboard.\par
ANS:- DONE \par
2. Do a practical by describing the data flow in motherboard\par
ANS:- DONE\par
3. Do a practical by removing all removable parts from the motherboard.\par
ANS:- DONE\par
\cf3\fs40 Topic: CPU\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is CPU.\par
ANS:- The CPU, or Central Processing Unit, is the primary component of a computer responsible for executing instructions and performing calculations, serving as the computer's central processing and control unit.\par
2. Write the full form of CPU.\par
ANS:- Central Processing Unit\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the types of CPU?\par
ANS:- 1. Single-Core CPU:\par
   - Single-core CPUs have one processing unit and can execute one instruction at a time, limiting their multitasking capabilities.\par
\par
2. Multi-Core CPU:\par
   - Multi-core CPUs have two or more independent processing units (cores) on a single chip, allowing them to execute multiple instructions simultaneously, improving overall performance and multitasking capabilities.\par
2. What do we need to keep the CPU Healthy?\par
ANS:- 1. Effective Cooling:\par
   - Ensure proper cooling mechanisms, such as fans or heat sinks, to prevent CPU overheating and maintain optimal temperature.\par
\par
2. Regular Dust Cleaning:\par
   - Periodically clean dust from the CPU and its cooling components to prevent airflow obstruction and maintain efficient heat dissipation.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40 Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to remove processor and apply thermal paste in it and install it again.\par
ANS:- DONE\par
2. Do a practical to Identify CPU and its Sockets.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Monitor\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is Monitor?\par
\cf4 ANS\cf0 :- A monitor is a display device used with computers to visually present information, facilitating user interaction with software and digital content.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the types of monitor.\par
ANS:- LCD Moniter, LED moniter, OLED Moniter, Gaming Moniter, Touchscreen Moniter, ETC.\par
2. Do a practical to identify monitor Technology.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. What are the Technologies used in monitor.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe how does the crt monitor works.\par
ANS:- Cathode Ray Tube (CRT) monitors work by emitting electrons from an electron gun, which then scan a phosphor-coated screen to produce the visible images.\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: system bus\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is system bus\par
ANS:- A system bus is a communication system in a computer that comprises three main buses: the data bus, which carries data between the CPU and memory; the address bus, responsible for transmitting memory addresses; and the control bus, managing signals for coordinating and controlling various system operations. Together, these buses facilitate efficient communication and data transfer among different components within a computer system.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the types of system bus.\par
ANS:- The types of system buses are:\par
1. Data Bus: Transmits data between the CPU, memory, and peripheral devices.\par
2. Address Bus: Sends memory addresses from the CPU to specify data locations.\par
3. Control Bus: Manages control signals for coordinating system operations.\par
2. Describe the working of system bus.\par
ANS:- The system bus operates as follows:\par
\par
1. Data Transfer:\par
   - The system bus includes a bidirectional data bus that enables the transfer of binary data between the central processing unit (CPU), memory, and peripheral devices. Data is transmitted in the form of electrical signals over this pathway.\par
\par
2. Addressing and Control:\par
   - The address bus, a unidirectional pathway, allows the CPU to specify memory locations by sending memory addresses. Simultaneously, the control bus manages control signals coordinating activities such as read and write operations, interrupts, and overall system control.\par
\par
In essence, the system bus facilitates seamless communication and coordination among different components of a computer system, ensuring efficient data transfer and system operation.\par
3. Do a practical to identify the system bus.\par
ANS:- 1. Physical Inspection:\par
   - Open the computer case and identify the motherboard.\par
   - Look for labels or markings on the motherboard to determine the bus type.\par
\par
2. Software-Based Method:\par
   - Use system information software like CPU-Z or Speccy.\par
   - Check the "Mainboard" or "Motherboard" section to find details about the system bus.\par
\cf3\fs40 Topic: Chipset\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1 Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is chiptse.\par
ANS:- "Chipset" refers to a set of electronic components on a computer's motherboard, managing data flow between the CPU, memory, and peripherals. It includes the Northbridge and Southbridge, with the Northbridge handling high-speed tasks like CPU-RAM communication and the Southbridge managing lower-speed functions such as peripheral connections.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the types of chipset?\par
ANS:- 1. Northbridge:\par
   - Responsible for high-speed communication between the CPU, RAM, and graphics card.\par
   - Manages memory control and interfaces like AGP or PCI Express for graphics.\par
2. Southbridge:\par
   - Handles lower-speed tasks and peripheral connections.\par
   - Manages I/O operations, including USB, SATA, Ethernet, and audio.\par
2. Which chipset does have direct contact with the cpu.\par
ANS:- The Northbridge chipset:\par
1. Facilitates high-speed communication between the CPU, RAM, and graphics card.\par
2. Manages critical functions like the memory controller and interfaces such as AGP or PCI Express for graphics.\par
3. Do a practical to identify the chipset.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe how does the Northbridge chipset work.\par
ANS:- The Northbridge chipset:\par
1. Manages high-speed communication between the CPU, RAM, and graphics card.\par
2. Includes the memory controller, facilitates data transfer between the CPU and RAM, and manages graphics interfaces like AGP or PCI Express.\par
\cf3 Topic:Memory\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is memory?\par
ANS:- Memory in computers:\par
1. RAM (Random Access Memory):\par
   - Volatile memory for temporary storage of actively used data and instructions.\par
   - Erased when the computer is powered off.\par
\par
2. ROM (Read-Only Memory):\par
   - Non-volatile memory containing firmware or BIOS/UEFI for system boot.\par
   - Retains information even when the power is turned off.\par
2. What are the types of memory?\par
ANS:- There are several types of memory in a computer system, each serving different purposes. The main types include:\par
\par
1. RAM (Random Access Memory):\par
   - Volatile memory used for temporary storage of data and machine code that the CPU is actively using.\par
   - Divided into categories like DDR (Double Data Rate) RAM, DDR2, DDR3, and DDR4, representing different generations with varying speeds.\par
\par
2. ROM (Read-Only Memory):\par
   - Non-volatile memory containing firmware or essential instructions for the computer to boot.\par
   - Types include PROM (Programmable ROM), EPROM (Erasable Programmable ROM), and EEPROM (Electrically Erasable Programmable ROM).\par
\par
3. Cache Memory:\par
   - High-speed memory located directly on the CPU or near it, used to store frequently accessed data for faster retrieval.\par
   - L1, L2, and L3 caches are common levels of cache in modern CPUs.\par
\par
4. Hard Disk Drive (HDD):\par
   - Non-volatile, long-term storage for the operating system, software, and user data.\par
   - Slower access speed compared to RAM but provides large storage capacity.\par
\par
5. Solid-State Drive (SSD):\par
   - Non-volatile storage similar to an HDD but uses NAND-based flash memory.\par
   - Faster access speed, lower power consumption, and more durable than traditional HDDs.\par
\par
6. Virtual Memory:\par
   - Utilizes part of the storage device (usually HDD or SSD) as an extension of RAM.\par
   - Provides additional space for the operating system when physical RAM is insufficient.\par
\par
7. Flash Memory:\par
   - Non-volatile memory commonly used in USB drives, memory cards, and SSDs.\par
   - Faster than traditional hard drives, with no moving parts.\par
\par
These types of memory serve different functions within a computer system, meeting the diverse needs of storing and accessing data at various speeds and capacities.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe memory in detail.\par
ANS:\-- Memory in the context of computers can be categorized into two main types: primary memory (RAM - Random Access Memory) and secondary memory (storage devices).\par
\par
1. Primary Memory (RAM - Random Access Memory):\par
   - Volatility: RAM is volatile memory, meaning it loses its contents when the power is turned off. This characteristic allows for quick read and write operations but necessitates the need for secondary storage for long-term data retention.\par
   - Speed: It is faster than secondary memory, providing rapid access to data for the CPU. This speed is essential for the quick execution of programs and tasks.\par
\par
2. Secondary Memory (Storage Devices):\par
   - Non-volatility: Unlike RAM, secondary memory is non-volatile, retaining data even when the power is off. Common examples include hard drives (HDDs), solid-state drives (SSDs), and external storage devices.\par
   -Capacity: Secondary memory typically offers larger storage capacities compared to RAM, making it suitable for long-term storage of applications, files, and the operating system.\par
2. What are memory types.\par
ANS:- Computer memory can be broadly categorized into several types, each serving specific purposes in data storage and retrieval. Here are the main types of computer memory:\par
\par
1. Primary Memory:\par
   - RAM (Random Access Memory): Volatile memory used by the CPU for storing temporary data and actively running programs. It provides fast access but loses its content when power is turned off.\par
\par
   - Cache Memorey High-speed volatile memory located between the CPU and RAM, used to store frequently accessed data for quick retrieval.\par
\par
   - Registers: Fastest and smallest memory within the CPU, used for storing data temporarily during processing.\par
\par
2. Secondary Memory:\par
   - Hard Disk Drives (HDD): Non-volatile storage devices that use magnetic storage to store data for the long term.\par
\par
   - Solid State Drives (SSD): Non-volatile storage devices that use NAND-based flash memory for faster data access compared to HDDs.\par
\par
   - Flash Drives: Portable, non-volatile storage devices using NAND flash memory, commonly used for data transfer and storage.\par
\par
3. Tertiary Memory:\par
   - Optical Drives (CDs, DVDs, Blu-rays): Non-volatile storage using optical technology for data storage.\par
\par
   - Magnetic Tape: Sequential-access, high-capacity storage used for archival purposes.\par
\par
4. Cache Memory:\par
   - sL1, L2, L3 Caches: These are small, high-speed memory units located between the CPU and RAM to store frequently accessed data and instructions for faster processing.\par
\par
5. Virtual Memory:\par
   - Page File (Swap Space): An extension of physical RAM, stored on secondary storage, used to compensate for RAM limitations by swapping data between RAM and storage.\par
\par
These memory types work together to facilitate efficient data storage, retrieval, and processing in a computer system. Each type has its own characteristics, including speed, volatility, and capacity, which influence its role in the overall memory hierarchy.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify memory types.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to install memories in system.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to identify main memory frequencies.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: System Unit\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is System Unit?\par
ANS:- The system unit is a core component of a computer system. It is the main case or chassis that contains and protects the central processing unit (CPU), memory, motherboard, power supply, and other essential internal components of a computer. The system unit is sometimes referred to as the "computer case," "tower," or "chassis."\par
\par
Key components housed within the system unit include:\par
\par
1. Central Processing Unit (CPU): Often considered the brain of the computer, the CPU performs calculations and executes instructions.\par
\par
2. Motherboard: This is the main circuit board that connects and allows communication between various hardware components, such as the CPU, memory, storage devices, and peripheral devices.\par
\par
3. Memory (RAM): Random Access Memory is used to temporarily store data and instructions that the CPU needs while a computer is running.\par
\par
4.  Power Supply Unit (PSU): Responsible for converting electrical power from an outlet into a form that the computer components can use.\par
\par
5. Storage Devices: Hard drives or solid-state drives (SSDs) are typically housed within or connected to the system unit to store data permanently.\par
\par
6. Expansion Slots and Bays: These are openings or slots on the motherboard and case where additional components, such as graphics cards, sound cards, or optical drives, can be added.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. How does system unit work?\par
ANS:- 1. Processing Hub: The system unit, or central processing unit (CPU), acts as the core processing hub of a computer system.\par
\par
2. Instruction Execution: It interprets and executes program instructions, performing arithmetic and logical operations through its control unit and arithmetic logic unit (ALU).\par
\par
3. Data Flow Control: The system unit manages the flow of data between various components, including memory and peripherals, following a structured instruction cycle for efficient operation.\par
2. What are the components and system unity?\par
ANS:- The system unit of a computer houses various components that work together to process data and execute instructions. Here are the main components found in the system unit:\par
\par
1. Central Processing Unit (CPU): Often considered the brain of the computer, the CPU carries out instructions and performs calculations.\par
\par
2. Motherboard: The main circuit board that connects and facilitates communication between various components, including the CPU, memory, storage devices, and peripherals.\par
\par
3. Memory (RAM): Random Access Memory provides temporary storage for data and program instructions that the CPU is currently using.\par
\par
4. Power Supply Unit (PSU): Converts electrical power from an outlet into a form usable by the computer components.\par
\par
5. Storage Devices: These include hard drives, solid-state drives (SSD), or other storage media where data is stored for the long term.\par
\par
6. Expansion Slots and Cards: Slots on the motherboard for additional components such as graphics cards, sound cards, or network cards to enhance the system's capabilities.\par
\par
7. Cooling System: Fans, heat sinks, or liquid cooling systems to dissipate heat generated by the CPU and other components to prevent overheating.\par
\par
8. Connectors and Ports: Various ports on the motherboard for connecting external devices, such as USB ports, HDMI ports, Ethernet ports, and audio jacks.\par
\par
9. BIOS/UEFI: Basic Input/Output System (BIOS) or Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) provides low-level software that initializes hardware during the boot process.\par
\par
10. Bus System: A network of pathways (buses) on the motherboard that facilitates communication between components, allowing data transfer.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify system unit.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to assemble and disassemble system unit.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: BIOS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is bios.\par
ANS:- "Bios" can refer to different things depending on the context. Here are a couple of common meanings:\par
\par
1. Basic Input/Output System (BIOS): This is a firmware embedded on a computer's motherboard. It is the first software that runs when a computer starts up, and it performs crucial functions like initializing hardware components and booting the operating system. The BIOS also provides a low-level interface between the operating system and the computer's hardware.\par
\par
2. Biography (Bio): In a more general context, "bios" can be short for "biography." A biography is a detailed account of a person's life, written by someone else. It typically covers the individual's personal and professional experiences, achievements, and sometimes includes insights into their character.\par
\par
If you have a specific context in mind, please provide more details so I can offer a more accurate explanation.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the full form of bios 2.Describe working process of BIOS.\par
ANS:- BIOS performs the Power-On Self-Test (POST) to check hardware functionality, initializes hardware components, selects a boot device, loads the bootloader from the boot device, executes the bootloader to load the operating system kernel, and finally hands over control to the operating system.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to reset bios when system is on.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical of Hard resetting the BIOS.\line ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical of identifying BIOS chip from the motherboard.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: CMOS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.What is CMOS?\par
ANS:- Complementary metal-oxide semiconductor, or CMOS, typically refers to a battery-powered emory \par
chip in your computer that stores startup information. \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the full form of CMOS?\par
ANS:- complementry mental\--oxide semicondutor.\par
2. Describe the working process of CMOS.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical of identifying cmos.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical of installing cmos\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. How do we know that cmos is not working.\par
ANS:-Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Boot process\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.What is Boot Process?\par
ANS:- booting is the prossess of starting a computer as initiated via hardware such as a button or by a software command.\par
\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par
\cf0\fs32 1. What is the first process of boot?\par
ANS:- Booting Process in Operating System. Step 1: Once the computer system is turned on, BIOS (Basic Input /Output System) performs a series of activities or functionality tests on programs stored in ROM, called on POST (Power-on Self Test) that checks to see whether peripherals in the system are in perfect order or not.\par
2. What is the final stage in the boot process?\par
ANS:- At the later stages of the boot sequence, the operating system is loaded from the hard disk to the primary memory  to perform necessary tasks. Then, at the last stage, full control of hardware and machine is granted to the OS so that it can look after all the operations.\par
3. Describe the boot process in Linux?\par
ANS:- booting is the process of starting the operating system.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe about working with the grub bootloader.\par
ANS:- 1. Bootloader Function: GRUB serves as a bootloader for Linux and Unix-like systems, loading the operating system kernel into memory during the boot process.\par
\par
2. Configuration Customization: Users can customize GRUB through its configuration file to modify boot menu options, set default boot parameters, and adjust timeout settings.\par
\par
3. Troubleshooting and Interactivity: GRUB provides a command-line interface (GRUB shell) for troubleshooting boot issues, manually selecting kernels, and dynamically modifying boot parameters.\par
2. Describe working process of boot loader.\par
ANS:- 1. Boot Loader Activation: The boot loader is activated by the BIOS or UEFI during the computer's startup, initiating the process of loading the operating system.\par
\par
2. Kernel Loading: The boot loader locates and loads the operating system kernel into memory, passing essential parameters for the kernel's initialization.\par
\par
3. Transition to Operating System: Once the kernel is loaded, control transitions from the boot loader to the kernel, initiating the full startup of the operating system.\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: SMPS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is SMPS?\par
ANS:- SMPS stands for Switched-Mode Power Supply. It is a type of power supply that uses switching devices to control the flow of electrical energy. SMPS is commonly used in electronic devices and applications where a stable and efficient power supply is required.\par
\par
Unlike traditional linear power supplies, which use transformers to regulate voltage, SMPS operates by rapidly switching the input voltage on and off. This switching action allows for better efficiency, smaller size, and lighter weight compared to linear power supplies.\par
\par
An SMPS typically consists of a rectifier to convert AC (alternating current) to DC (direct current), a high-frequency oscillator, a switching device (such as a transistor or MOSFET), a transformer, and a rectifier or filter to convert the switched DC back to a stable DC output. The high switching frequency allows for smaller and lighter components, making SMPS suitable for a wide range of electronic devices, including computers, televisions, mobile phone chargers, and many other applications.\par
2. What is the process of SMPS?\par
ANS:- The operation of a Switched-Mode Power Supply (SMPS) involves several key stages. Here is a general overview of the process\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to install SMPS.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. How many sata connectors are there in normal smps?\par
ANS:- A standard desktop power supply unit (SMPS) typically includes multiple SATA connectors to power storage drives. The number of SATA connectors can vary based on the PSU's wattage and design, ranging from two to several connectors.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to troubleshoot a smps without plugging it to the system.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. How many pins does atx power connector have?\par
ANS:- 20 or 24 pins\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: RAM\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is RAM?\par
ANS:- RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of volatile computer memory used to store data and machine code actively processed by a computer. It provides fast read and write speeds, enhancing the overall speed and responsiveness of the system. RAM is crucial for running applications and managing multitasking efficiently.\par
2. What is the full form of RAM?\par
ANS:- Random Acess Memory.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the types of ram? \par
ANS:- DDR, SRAM, DRAM, LPDDR, RDRAM\par
2. Do a practical to identify RAM.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a Practical to identify ram and install it in a proper system.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Device and cable\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the types of devices?\par
ANS:- Devices can be categorized into various types:\par
1. Input Devices: Facilitate data entry, e.g., keyboards, mice.\par
2. Output Devices: Provide information or results, e.g., monitors, printers.\par
3. Storage Devices: Store and retrieve data, e.g., HDDs, SSDs.\par
4. Communication Devices: Enable data exchange, e.g., routers, modems.\par
5. Processing Devices: Execute instructions, e.g., CPU, GPU.\par
6. Mobile Devices: Portable electronics, e.g., smartphones, tablets.\par
7. Medical Devices: Used in healthcare, e.g., X-ray machines, pacemakers.\par
8. Smart/IoT Devices: Connected for data exchange, e.g., smart thermostats, wearables.\par
2. What are the types of cable?\par
ANS:- 1. Ethernet Cable:\par
   - Purpose: Used to connect devices in a local area network (LAN).\par
   - Types: Common types include Cat5e, Cat6, and Cat7, each with different data transmission capacities.\par
  \par
2. HDMI Cable:\par
   - Purpose: High-Definition Multimedia Interface cables transmit audio and video signals between devices like TVs, monitors, and DVD players.\par
   - Features: Supports high-definition video and audio, commonly used in home entertainment systems and digital displays.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What cables are used to connect printer?\par
ANS:- 1. USB Cable:\par
   - Description: USB (Universal Serial Bus) cables are commonly used to connect printers to computers. They come in various versions (USB 1.0, USB 2.0, USB 3.0, USB-C), and they provide a standard and widely compatible physical connection.\par
2. Ethernet Cable:\par
    - Description: Ethernet cables, also known as network cables, connect printers to a local network. This allows multiple users to share the printer, and it is a common choice for networked printing in office environments.\par
2. What was the first cable founded by Apple for data transfer?\par
ANS:- Apple Desktop Bus \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify the sata cables.\par
Ans:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to identify and install the cables in the system.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Expansion card and slots\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Why expansion card needed?\par
ANS:- Enhance Functionality, Facilitate Upgradability\par
2. Why expansion slots needed?\par
ANS:- Expansion slots on motherboards are crucial because they:\par
\par
1. Enable Customization: Expansion slots provide a standardized interface for adding extra components, allowing users to customize their computers by incorporating specialized hardware like graphics cards and network adapters.\par
2. Facilitate Upgradability: These slots support the upgradability of a computer system, enabling users to easily update their hardware and incorporate the latest technologies without replacing the entire motherboard.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the types of expansion card?\par
ANS:- GPU, Sound cards, Network Interface cards, Storage Controll cards, Wi-Fi Adapter Cards, USB Expansion Card, TV Tuner Cards, Bluthooth Cards.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify the types of expansion slots\par
ANS:- Done \par
2. Do a practical to install the Graphics card.\par
Ans:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to install LAN card\par
Ans:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: I/O Ports\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is I/O ports?\par
ANS:- USB, HDMI,PS2, Ethernet, Audio, VGA, Display, SD Card.\par
2. List out the I/O ports available.\par
ANS:- USB Ports, Audio Ports, Ethernet Ports, VGA Ports, HDMI Ports.\par
3. Do a practical to identify the I/O ports.\par
Ans:- Done\par
\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: BIOS & CMOS\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is BIOS?\par
ANS:- BIOS (basic input/output system) is the program a personal computer'smicroprocessor uses to get \par
the computer system started after you turn it on.\par
2. What is CMOS?\par
ANS:-Complementary metal-oxide semiconductor, or CMOS, typically refers to a battery-powered emory \par
chip in your computer that stores startup information. Your computer's basic input/output system\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the role of BIOS in i/o?\par
ANS:-\par
2. What is the role of i/o in CMOS?\par
ANS:-The CMOS in a computer is a technology used for constructing integrated circuits, including the BIOS/UEFI firmware and the CMOS battery-backed memory on the motherboard.  In the context of CMOS and I/O (Input/Output), the role of I/O refers to the configuration settings related to Input/Output operations and devices, which users can adjust in the CMOS Setup. This includes settings for peripherals, communication interfaces, and other I/O-related parameters that affect the computer's behavior.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to reset BIOS\par
Ans:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to remove cmos.\par
Ans:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Laptop & storage\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is laptop?\par
ANS:-A laptop is a portable computer designed for mobile use, featuring a compact form factor with an integrated display, keyboard, and touchpad. It offers portability, convenience, and versatility for various computing tasks, making it suitable for users who need on-the-go access to computing resources.\par
2. Why laptop is used widely now a days?\par
ANS:- Laptops are widely used today due to their portability, allowing users to work or access information on the go. Their versatility, combining various functions in a single compact unit, makes them suitable for diverse tasks, from business and productivity to entertainment and education.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe the working process of laptop?\par
ANS:-Power Supply, CPU, RAM, Storage, input/output, motherboard, GPU, OS, Bettry, Cooling Fan. \par
2. What is storage?\par
ANS:- Storage refers to the technology and devices used for storing and retrieving digital data. It includes various technologies such as hard disk drives (HDDs), solid-state drives (SSDs), flash drives, cloud storage, optical drives, and network-attached storage (NAS). Storage is a crucial component in computers and electronic devices, determining data capacity, access speed, and overall system performance.\par
3. List out the types of storage.\par
ANS:- HHD, SSD, Hybrid drive, Flash Drive, Memory Card, cloud Storage.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify types of storage.\par
Ans:-Done\par
2. Do a practical to disassemble and assemble the storage.\par
Ans:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to install the storage devices.\par
Ans:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Printer\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is printer?\par
ANS:- A printer is a peripheral device that produces a hard copy of digital content, such as text or images, stored on a computer or other digital device. Common types include inkjet printers, which use liquid ink, and laser printers, which use toner powder. Printers are essential for generating physical copies of documents and graphics. Advanced models, like multifunction printers, offer additional features such as scanning and copying in a single device.\par
2. Why is printer needed?\par
ANS:- Printers are essential devices that convert digital information into hard copies. They are needed for creating physical documents, facilitating professional communication, archiving records, supporting education, producing photographic prints, and serving various business and personal purposes. Printers offer a tangible and convenient way to access, share, and preserve information in both professional and everyday scenarios.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe the working process of printer.\par
ANS:-Printers process digital data by interpreting instructions from a computer. For inkjet printers, liquid ink is sprayed onto paper, while laser printers use toner powder attracted to the paper. The final output is a visible print of the digital content, making printers essential for producing hard copies of documents and images.\par
2. What are the types of printer\par
ANS:- inkjet, laser, Dot Metrix, 3D, colour printer, thermal, large Format.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 3. Do a practical to install the printer.\par
ANS:- Done\par
4. Do a practical to Troubleshoot the improper printing.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Storage devices\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is storage device?\par
ANS:- A storage device is a hardware component used to store and retrieve digital data. Examples include hard disk drives (HDD), solid-state drives (SSD), USB flash drives, memory cards, optical drives, network-attached storage (NAS), and cloud storage. These devices vary in technology, capacity, and portability, serving diverse needs from personal data storage to enterprise-level backup solutions.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the types of storage devices.\par
ANS:- HHD, SSD, CD/DVD, Memory Card, Tape, Eternal Hard Drives, Floppy Disk, ZIP Drives. \par
2. Describe the working process of storage devices.\par
ANS:- Storage devices process digital data by encoding, storing, and retrieving information. Input data is converted and written onto the storage medium, such as magnetic disks or flash memory. During retrieval, the stored data is accessed, decoded, and presented as output. Storage devices can be internal (like hard drives) or external (like USB drives), facilitating data transfer and serving as crucial components for digital information management.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to Remove storage devices and reinstall it and make a gpt disk.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: ATA\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is ATA?\par
ANS:- ATA is a device used to connect an analog telephone, fax machine or similar equipment to a computer or network to enable communications over the internet. \par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe working of ATA.\par
ANS:- ATA (Advanced Technology Attachment) is a standard interface that connects storage devices like hard disk drives to a computer's motherboard, facilitating data transfer and communication through defined protocols, with variations such as Parallel ATA (PATA) and Serial ATA (SATA).\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment level Advanced:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to identify and install ATA cables.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: SATA\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.What is SATA?\par
ANS:- SATA (Serial ATA) is a standard interface for connecting storage devices, such as hard drives and solid-state drives, to a computer's motherboard. It uses a serial data transfer method, offering improved speed and efficiency compared to the older Parallel ATA (PATA) standard. SATA has become the standard for internal storage connections in modern computers.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Level Advance\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe the working of SATA.\par
ANS:-SATA (Serial ATA) facilitates the connection between storage devices and a computer's motherboard. It operates by transmitting data serially over a single line, providing faster and more efficient data transfer compared to the older Parallel ATA standard. SATA devices are connected using thin and flexible cables, and the standard defines communication protocols for seamless data retrieval and storage.\par
2. Do a practical to identify sata.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to install SATA.\par
ANS:- Done\par
4. Where does SATA is used.\par
ANS:- HHD, SSD\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: SCSI\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is SCSI?\par
ANS:- SCSI (Small Computer System Interface) is a set of standards for connecting computers to peripheral devices, such as hard drives, printers, and scanners. Despite being largely replaced by interfaces like SATA, SCSI and its modern variant SAS remain relevant in specific applications requiring high performance and versatility.\par
2. WHy SCSI needed?\par
ANS:- SCSI (Small Computer System Interface) is essential for its versatility and high-performance capabilities. It supports a diverse range of peripherals, enables daisy-chaining for simplified configurations, and historically provided faster data transfer rates, making it favored in professional and server environments. \cf1\fs40\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the rpm of SCSI?\par
ANS:- SCSI is a standard for connecting computers to peripheral devices and doesn't specify the rotational speed of hard disk drives . The RPM of an HDD connected via SCSI would depend on the specific hard drive model or specifications, which can vary. Common SCSI-connected HDD rotational speeds include 5,400 RPM, 7,200 RPM, 10,000 RPM, and 15,000 RPM, influencing data access speeds and overall performance.\par
2. Do a Practical to install scsi.\par
ANS:-Done\cf3\fs36\par
TOPIC: PRINTER\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  ASSIGNMENT LEVEL BASIC:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. WHAT IS PRINTER?\par
ANS:- A printer is a peripheral device that produces hard copies of digital content from a computer. Using technologies like inkjet or laser, it transfers ink or toner onto paper, providing a tangible representation of text, images, or graphics. Printers are essential for document reproduction and are widely used in various settings for creating physical copies of digital information.\par
2. IS IT A INPUT DEVICE OR OUTPUT DEVICE?\par
ANS:- A printer is considered an output device. It takes digital information from a computer or other digital devices and produces a tangible, physical output in the form of a hard copy. The printed document or image is the result of the output process, making the printer an essential component for creating visible representations of digital content. In contrast, input devices, such as keyboards and mice, are used to input data into a computer.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment level intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Describe the types of printer.\par
ANS:- inkjet Laser Dot Matrix 3D Dye-sublimation thermal large format plotter photos.\par
2. Describe inkjet printer.\par
ANS:- An inkjet printer is a type of printer that utilizes liquid ink cartridges to produce images and text on paper. It operates by propelling tiny droplets of ink onto the paper through a print head, offering versatility in color printing and is commonly used in homes and small offices for tasks such as photo printing.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\fs40  Assignment level Advanced:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical of network installation of the printer.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to troubleshoot the printer of no cartridge error\par
ANS:- Done\par
}
 