{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs36\lang9 Module 5. Network Fundamentals and Building Networks \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\ulnone\b0\f1\fs28  \f0 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b\fs24 What is network? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a network consists of two more computer that are linked in to share resources such as printers and CdS exchange files or allow electronic communication.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab List Common Network Components \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: router, modem, networking interface card, switch, repeater, gateway, firewall.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Add and configure loopback adaptor in network and sharing center \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: right click on the start button and select network connections , in the network connection windows locate the freshly added MICROSOFT loopback adapter , right click on it and \ldblquote properties\rdblquote  from the context menu.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain application of network \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: one in witch the network conveys message between components but where the application logic is not spread across the componets.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What do you mean by Node? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a point of connection.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab practice of simple file folder sharing\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 List types of devices\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Ans: NIC, repeater, hub, switch, router, modem, gateway.  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain types of router\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: Broadband routes, dynamic routing, static routing, open shortest path first, core routes, wired routers , Brouters ,OSPF router types. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: Types of Network \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is Difference between a LAN, MAN, WAN? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS; LAN is the local area network usually connects a small areas such as an office or home, MAN metropolitan area network and multiple geographical area network, WAN  wide area network is collection LAN means local area network WAN.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Common Network Components \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: router, modem, repeater, switch, bridge, access point, firewall. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain Wide Area Network\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: that connects your offices, data centers, cloud application, and cloud storage together.  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain Network Backbone  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a point of a computer network which interconnects network providing a path for the exchange of information between different LANs or subnetworks.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Explain CAN\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a high integrity serial bus system for networking intelligent devices.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Define Physical Network Topologies \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: bus topology, righ topology, mesh topology, star topology, hybrid topology.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Network Architecture: Peer-to-Peer \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: consists of a decentralized network of peers nodes that are both clients and servers.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Point-to-multipoint network \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: one central node communication with several, up to hundreds in some cases, or end nodes.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Topic: Network Devices \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Why we use Network and Devices \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: to transmit and receive data quickly and security.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain Switch? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a switch responds to an external force to mechanically change an electric signal.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Define list of cables in use of network \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: coaxial cable, twisted pair cable, fiber optic cable.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain Define Access point \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a device that created a wireless area network or WLAN, usually in an office or large building.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Which types of transmission modes in computer network \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: simplex transmission mode, half duplex transmission mode, full duplex transmission mode.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab Practice on Remote Desktop connection \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 5.\tab Practice on remote assistance\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain Repeater and router \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a devices that forwards wireless signals from the router to cover a large area such as multiple floors of a house.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is multiplexer?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a combinational circuit that has many data inputs and single output depending on control or select inputs. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Explain MODEM \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a hardware which connects to a computer broadband network or wireless router.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab Monitor "event viewer" \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: right click the start button and select control panel > system &security and double click administrative tools, double click event viewer, select the type of logs that you wish to review ex. Application , system.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: Install and configure DHCP, DNS \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain DHCP Dynamic host configuration protocol \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a network protocol used to automatic the process of configuring devices on IP network.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Application of DHCP with one example \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: router default gateway, DNS servers, and DNS Domain name.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28  Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain Domain naming Services  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Ans: DNS is the phonebook of the internet.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Application of DNS with one example \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a user a web browser, enters www. Example. Com.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: Network Topologies \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1  \f0 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What are the 5 network topologies? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: Bus topology, ring topology, star topology, mesh topology, hybrid topology. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is Internet topology? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: the structure by which hosts, router or autonomous system ASES are connected to each other.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab What is protocol \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: protocol is a standardized set of rules for formatting and processing data protocol enable computer to communicate with one another.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is the most common network topology?  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: star topology\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain star topology in networking? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a topology for LAN in which all nodes are individually to a central connection point like a hub or a switch.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Explain Hybrid topology \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: an interconnection of two or more basic network topology each of which contains its own nodes.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is physical and logical topology? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a physical describes how network devices are physically connected.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab What are the types of logical topology? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: bus topology, ring topology, mesh topology, star topology, hybrid topology.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: OSI Model \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is OSI model explain? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: A conceptual framework that divides network communication functions into seven layers.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab List of Application layer protocol \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: HTTP, FTP, SMTP, DNS, TELNET, SSH,NFS,SNMP.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab How many types of protocols are there? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: TCP IP, UDP, HTTP, FTP, SNMP, ICMP, POP.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is the difference between TCP IP model and OSI model? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: TCP IP is a practical model that addresses specific communication challenges and relies on standardized protocols OSI serves as a comprehensive protocol independent framework designed encompass various network communication methods.\par
 \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is TCP IP networking? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a data link protocol used on the internet to let computers and other devices send and receive data and the communication.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is a wired Internet connection?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: uses cables to connects devices such as laptop or desktop computers to the internet or another network. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2. What are the disadvantages of wired networks? 3.How do I configure network \par
authentication? \par
ANS: limited mobility wired system restrict mobility as devices must be physically connected to the network via cables installation complexity setting up a wired communication system can be more complex and time consuming than a wireless system. 3 right click the appropriate network connection in the ethernet properties authentication enable IEEE 802.1 authentication.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Practice of Team viewer, Any Desk, Google Hangout, Skype, zoom \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Download google chrome \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Ans: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab configure "date and time" opting in control panel \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Topic: TCP/IP \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Assignment level Basic: \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 What is TCP/IP? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: TCP IP is a suite of communication protocol used to interconnect network devices on the internet.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is the full form of TCP/IP? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: transmission control protocol and internet protocol\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Assignment level Intermediate: \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 List out the types of IP  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: Public IP, private IP, physically IP, Logical IP.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is protocol? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: a system of fixed rules and formal used at official meeting usually between government , the first or signal version of a written agreement especially one between countries an extra part added to a written agreement , a set of rules that control the way information is sent between computers.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab DO a practical to set the TCP IP in network adapter? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: Cables \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Beginner Question\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li490\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Types of cables and connectors?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li130\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: coaxial cable, twisted pair cable, fiber optic cable, RJ45 connectors. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li490\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain twisted pair cable and shielded twisted pair cable \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li130\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: Shielded twisted pair cable acts as a conducting shield by covering the four pairs of signal carrying wires as a means to reduce electromagnetic interface.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Which of these cables connect computers to monitors? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: HDMI cable, VGA cable.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab How do I connect to a shared printer? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: select the start button then select setting > devices > printers & scanners , under add printer &scanners select add a printers or scanner, choose the printer you want and then select add device.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Which cable that is commonly used to connect a computer to a printer?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: USB Cable. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What are the different ports and connectors? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: HDMI, VGA port, USB port, parallel port, firewire port, thunderbolt port, DVI port.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab How do I connect my laptop to my printer without cable? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: select the start button then setting > devices > printers & scanners > add a printer or scanner , wait for it to find nearby printers then choose the one you want to use and select add devices.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab Application and brief explanation of fiber optic cable and Coaxial cable \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: optic fiber and cable both are different types of guided media cables  optic fiber is made up of plastic and glass and is used to transmits signals in from of light or optic where coaxial cable is made using plastic and copper wires and is used to transmits signals in form of electric signals.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 5.\tab Which of following operates at the 5GHz frequency range? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: IEEE 802.11ac released in 2013 operates in the 5GHZ frequency band and provides data rates ranging from 450 mb/s to 1.3 Gb/s 1300 Mb/s .\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 6.\tab What frequency does 802.11g use? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: 2.4 GHz ethernet data transfer use.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 7.\tab What standard is compatible with 802.11a? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: 802.11a is incompatible with the 802.11b and 802.11g wireless standards, IEEE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: TCP/IP concepts - IPv6, IPv4 \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Beginner Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1.What is the difference between IPv4 & IPv6? 2.Explain TCP/IP \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: IPV4 uses a 32 bit address while IPV6 uses 128 bits address, Transmission control protocol ,internet protocol.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab Explain IPV6 Address with Address structure \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: x:x:x:x:x:x:x:x where each x is the hexadecimal values of the eight 16 bit pieces of the address.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Define IPV6 reserve address \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: all IPV6 address are 128 bits long, written as 8 section of 16 bits each.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab Explain Difference between public IP and private IP\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: public IP address is used outside the network, private IP address used local network .\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 5.\tab Create straight and cross cables and it's testing \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: the crossover cable is properly terminated and crimped with RJ45 connector on both ends connector one end of the crossover cable to the first device and the other end to the second device step turn on both device step plug the cable tester into the first end of the crossover cable.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28  Intermediate Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 Brief explanation of IP Addresses \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: the unique identifying number assigned to every device connected to the internet.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.\tab What is the advantage of IPv6 over IPv4? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: improved security performance and scalability.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.\tab Assign multiple IPv4 in single network adapter [LAN card] \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4.\tab Assign simple IPv6 between two system and ping it. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 5.\tab Assign and configure simple IPv4 between system\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: DONE\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1.Which is faster IPv4 or IPv6? 2.What does TCP do? \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1 ANS: though the ip header size of ipv6 address is 4 times larger than ipv4 address the ipv6 headers are only 2 times the size of ipv4 this greatly reduces the overhead of packet processing and header bandwidth and that makes it faster.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2. Give security in sharing \par
ANS: use end to end encryption make sure your files are end to end encrypation , choose a privacy focused provider ,use strong password, turn on two factor authentication 2FA, password protect files , set seraing time limits, monitor file access, use a VPN on public wifi.\par
3. Configure "Map network drive" \par
ANS: DONE\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: IP routing and Routing protocols \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Beginner Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1. What Is Routing? \par
ANS: internal routing to make decisions about how to route packets along network paths.\par
2. How Routing Starts Up? \par
ANS: when software on a host device uses a packets contents destination or purpose to select a possible route from a routing table.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1. What Is Hybrid Routing Protocol? \par
ANS: combines the best of both distance vector and link state routing strategies.\par
2. What Are the Range of Ad Values? \par
ANS: 0 to 255.\par
3. What Is an Autonomous System? \par
ANS: a very large network or group of network with a single routing policy.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1. Define Static Routing? \par
ANS: performs routing decisions with preconfigured routes in the routing table which can be changed manally only by administrators.\par
2. Explain Dynamic Routing? \par
ANS: operates with multiple protocols and algorithms that enable routers to exchange network information with other routers.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Topic: Switching and VLANS \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 Beginner Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0 1. What is VLAN? \par
ANS: a logical overly network that groups together a subset of devices that share a physical LAN.\par
2. Which two benefits of creating VLANs? \par
ANS: help with network efficiency by reducing extraneous traffic, enhance security by creating a virtual boundry around that business unit, improve bandwidht performance by limiting node to node and broadcast traffic.\par
3. What is Dynamic VLAN? \par
ANS: do not require the administrator to individually configure each port but instaed a central server called the VMPS VLAN member policy server.\par
4. What is Static VLAN? \par
ANS: a group of ports designated by the switch as belonging to the same broadcast domain.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Intermediate Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1. What is VLAN and INTERVLAN? \par
ANS: VLAN are logical  network that partion a physical network inot multiple virtual network and inter  VLAN routing is necessary for communicatioon between device on diffrent VLANs.\par
2. What is trunk port? \par
ANS: allows data to flow across a network node for multiple virtual local area network or VLANs.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs28 Advance Question \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs24 1. How to configure Trunk port? \par
ANS: a point to point link between one or more ethernet switch interface and another netwoking devices such as aroute or a switch.\par
2. How to delete VLAN information from Switch? \par
ANS:DONE\par
}
 