{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red158\green124\blue124;\red0\green77\blue187;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs44\lang9 Module 3: Troubleshooting and Helpdesk\par
\cf2\fs36 Topic: Troubleshoot security\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is troubleshooting?\par
ANS:-Troubleshooting security is crucial for identifying and resolving vulnerabilities, breaches, and threats, helping prevent data loss and protect an organization's reputation.\par
2. what is the need of troubleshooting security?\par
ANS:-Troubleshooting security is crucial for identifying and resolving vulnerabilities, breaches, and threats, helping prevent data loss and protect an organization's reputation.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to change the password.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to change the user account password.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. How do you troubleshoot a computer?\par
ANS:-To troubleshoot a computer, first identify the problem, gather relevant information, isolate the cause, and implement a solution. Testing and verifying the fix is also crucial.\par
2. How to troubleshoot common computer problems?\par
ANS:-To troubleshoot common computer problems, start by identifying the symptoms and researching potential causes. Then, apply systematic solutions such as restarting the computer, checking for software updates, or running diagnostic tools.\par
3. Your computer turns on, but still doesn\rquote t work?\par
ANS:-If your computer turns on but doesn't work, check connections and restart it. If the issue persists, run hardware diagnostics or seek professional help.\par
4. You get the blue screen of death?\par
ANS:-If you're getting the Blue Screen of Death (BSoD), try these steps:\par
1. Restart Your Computer: Sometimes, a simple restart can resolve the issue.\par
2. Check for Hardware Issues: Ensure all hardware components are properly connected and functioning correctly.\par
3. Check for Software Updates: Make sure your operating system and drivers are up to date.\par
4. Run Windows Memory Diagnostic: This tool can help identify and resolve memory-related issues.\par
5. Check for Disk Errors: Use the built-in Windows utility called Check Disk (chkdsk) to scan and fix disk errors.\par
6. Check for Malware: Run a full system scan with an antivirus program to check for malware.\par
7. Restore Your System: Use System Restore to revert your system to a previous state where it was functioning correctly.\par
8. Reinstall Windows: If all else fails, consider reinstalling Windows to fix any corrupted system files.\par
If you continue to experience BSoD errors, it may indicate a more serious hardware or software problem, and you may need to seek professional help.\par
\cf2\fs36 Topic: OS Troubleshooting\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the basic of troubleshooting?\par
ANS:-The basics of troubleshooting involve identifying, analyzing, and resolving problems. This includes understanding the symptoms of an issue, isolating the root cause, and implementing a solution to fix it. It's also important to test the solution to ensure the problem has been resolved.\par
2. Write down the steps of os troubleshooting.\par
ANS:-Operating system troubleshooting involves identifying the problem, gathering information, and isolating the cause. Then, develop a plan, implement the solution, and test to verify the fix. Documenting the resolution is also important for future reference.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignments level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to repair OS.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to repair boot file.\par
ANS:-Done\par
3. 3.DO a practical to repair bootmgr.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Topic: Recovery Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is recovery?\par
ANS:-Recovery is the process of restoring a system or data to a previous state after a failure or disaster, often involving backups or repairs to damaged files.\par
2. Why do we need recovery?\par
ANS:-We need recovery to restore systems, applications, or data to a functional state after a failure or disaster. Recovery helps minimize downtime, data loss, and operational disruptions, ensuring business continuity and maintaining the integrity of systems and data.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. list out the tools for recovery.\par
ANS:-Recovery tools include backup and restore software, data recovery software, system recovery tools, bootable recovery tools, disk repair tools, and RAID recovery tools.\par
2. DO a practical to recover deleted file.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to recover the formatted file.\par
ANS:- Done\par
4. Do practical to recover data from the os Corrupted file.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf2\fs36 Topic: Hard Drive troubleshooting\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is Hard troubleshooting?\par
ANS:-Hard troubleshooting, or hardware troubleshooting, refers to the process of identifying and resolving issues with physical components of a computer or electronic device. This can include diagnosing and fixing problems with components such as the CPU, RAM, hard drive, motherboard, graphics card, power supply, and peripherals. Hard troubleshooting often involves physically inspecting components, testing them with diagnostic tools, and replacing faulty parts to resolve the issue.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to troubleshoot the digging sound.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to change the sata cable in harddrive.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf2\fs36 Topic: Laptop, Printer, Video card Troubleshooting\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignments level Baic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the basic troubleshooting for printer?\par
ANS:-Basic troubleshooting for printers involves checking connections, paper and ink levels, restarting the printer, updating drivers, and running printer diagnostics.\par
2. What are the basic troubleshooting for laptop?\par
ANS:-Basic troubleshooting for laptops involves checking power, restarting the laptop, checking display, keyboard, and mouse functionality, running hardware diagnostics, checking for software updates, and booting into Safe Mode if needed.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs40  Assignments level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to disassemble the laptop and change the corrupted ram.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to change the cartridge of the printer.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to change the processor fan.\par
ANS:- Done\par
4. Do a practical to check the laptop which is not starting up.\par
ANS:- Done\par
}
 