{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red209\green99\blue73;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs40\lang9      \ul\f1\fs48 Prabhatsinh \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\f0\fs40 Module 2 \{Installation and Maintenance of\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2  Hardware and Its components\}\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: User Management\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is user management?\par
ANS:- the effective management of user and their account giving them access to varios IT resources like divice application , systems, network, storage system.  \par
2. Why is user management needed?\par
ANS:- powerful user management capabilities that can allow them to group users and define flexible accrss policies. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Where can we access the user management?\par
ANS:- A system to handle activities related to individual's access to devices, software, and services.\par
2. What are the features of user management?\par
ANS:- management is a goal-oriented process, is multidimensional, is an ongoing process, is a science and art, is a group activity, is an intangible force, is all pervasive, is a purposeful activity, is a career.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.Do a practical to create a user from user management.\par
ANS:- Done \par
2.Do a practical to change the password of the administrator from the user management tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs40 Topic: File and Folder Permission\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2  Assignment Level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is file folder permission?\par
Ans:- File permission control what user is permitted to perform which action on a file. file permission from a crucial part of a resistance strategy.\par
2. What is the use of file and folder permission?\par
ANS:- specify what useres are allowed to do within that folder, such as save and delete files or create a new folder.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. wirte down the steps to give a folder read only permission.\par
ANS:- \par
2. Write a step to give a file only admin permission.\par
ANS:- \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to give the folder permission of read only in network.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to change the ownership of the folder and the sub folders in it.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Install OS\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is OS?\par
ANS:- OS is software that manages computer hardware and provides services for computer programs. It serves as an intermediary between the hardware and applications, handling tasks such as process management and memory allocation.\par
2. What are the types of OS?\par
ANS:- single user, single-tasting OS, single user multi Tasking OS,\par
multi-user OS.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to create bootable pendrive for kali Linux\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to create a bootable pendrive for windows 7\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do pendrive for creating a pendrive for mac os Mojave with unibeast.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to install Kali Linux\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to install windows 10\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to install Mac os X\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Clean Install\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is clean install?\par
ANS:- A clean install is an installation of an operating system on a computer where the hard drive is formatted and completely erased.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is the process for clean install?\par
ANS:- the clean install process involves backing up data, booting from installation media, following an on-screen wizar to partiton and format the drivers, installing the operating system, configuring settings, installing dreivers ans updates, and restoring data if necessary. Specific steps may very based on the OS or Software.\par
2. what are the benefits of clean install?\par
ANS:- Clean install helps you get ride of all incompatible since it deletes all the apps.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a clean installation of windows XP\par
ANS:- DOne\par
2. Do a clean installation of windows 8\par
ANS:- DONE\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Upgrade installation\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.What is upgrade installation?\par
ANS:- An upgrade installation is a process of installing a newer version of the Windows operting system to replace the existing version. \par
2.What is the benefit of upgrade installation?\par
ANS:- \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1.Write down the steps of upgrade installation.\par
ANS:-\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level advance.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to upgrade from windows 8 to windows 10.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Partition & Formatting\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is partitioning?\par
ANS:- A partition is a logical division of a hard disk that is treated as a separate unit by operating systems and file syxtems.\par
2. What is partition?\par
ANS:- primary partition, extended and non-DOS partition.\par
3. What is format?\par
ANS:- A specific way of Organizing digital information that allows i to be easily read and processed by a computer or other device. Different types of file require different format to be displayed orrenctly\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a Practical of mbr partition.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a Practical of gpt partition.\par
ANS:- Done\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical using cmd.\par
ANS:-Done\par
2. covert a partition to gpt by cmd.\par
ANS:- Open command Prompt as Adinistrator.\par
            use 'DISKPART' to list, select the target disk and partition, and then execute CONVERT GPT .\par
3. Format a partition using cmd.\par
ANS:- To format a partition using Command Prompt (cmd):\par
\par
1. Open Command Prompt as Administrator.\par
2. Use 'diskpart' to select the partition and execute 'format fs=ntfs quick' to format it, replacing 'ntfs' with the desired file system if needed.\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Transferring Files\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is transferring Files?\par
ANS:-Transferring files involves moving digital data from one location or device to another. It can be achieved through methods such as physical media, network-based protocols, cloud services, email, FTP, or peer-to-peer sharing.\par
2. What are the ways of transferring files?\par
ANS:-Files can be transferred through physical media like USB drives and DVDs, network-based methods such as LAN or Wi-Fi Direct, cloud services like Google Drive, email attachments, FTP protocols, and peer-to-peer sharing like torrents. The choice of method depends on factors such as device compatibility, file size, and user preferences.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. How do we transfer files from one system to another?\par
ANS:- Files can be transferred between systems through methods such as USB drives (physical transfer) or network-based solutions like LAN file sharing, Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, cloud services, email attachments, FTP, and peer-to-peer sharing. The specific method chosen depends on factors such as device compatibility, network connectivity, and user preference.\par
2. Types of file transferring media.\par
ANS:- File transferring media includes physical devices like USB drives, external hard drives, optical media (DVDs/CDs), memory cards, and network cables for wired transfer. Additionally, wireless options such as Wi-Fi Direct, Bluetooth, and cloud storage services like Google Drive provide versatile means for file transfer between devices.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advanced:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to transfer files from one system to another via network.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. DO a practical to transfer data from one hard disk to another.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Administrative tools\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are administrative tools?\par
ANS:- Administrative Tools is a folder in the Windows 10 Control Panel. These folders contain tools for system administrators and advanced users.\par
2. What is the use of administrative tools?\par
ANS:-System monitoring and Optimization, Configuration managemnet, Troubleshooting and Diagnostics, user and Account Management, Security Management, disk and file system management, service management.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the administrative tools.\par
ANS:-task manager, control panal, event viewer, device manager, disk management, local users and gruops, computer managment console, performance moniter.\par
2. What is disk management tools.\par
ANS:- creating and formatting, resizing partitions, changing drive letters, marking partition as active.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Advanced\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to delete a driver and reinstall it from administrative tools.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to delete a partition and again create it with administrative tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to create user with administrative tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Windows Feature.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Base\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is windows features?\par
ANS:-task bar, control panal, file explor, internet browser, start manu, virtual desktops, microsoft paint, task maneger, hyper-v . \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. List out the windows features.\par
ANS:-inernet info. service, server, media features, net framework, windows powershell, work folder.\par
2. What is the use of IIS?\par
ANS:- Windows operating system and is used to exchange static and dynamic web content with internet users.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to re install IIS with windows feature.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to install dotnet framework 3.5 with Windows feature.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to disable internet explorer in windows feature.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Backup & Restore\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is backup?\par
ANS:- A backup is a duplicate copy of important data stored separately from the original files. It serves as a safeguard against data loss, allowing users to recover information in the event of accidental deletion, hardware failure, or other unforeseen issues.\par
2. What is Restore?\par
ANS:-Restoration is the process of recovering lost, damaged, or corrupted data by retrieving and reintegrating information from backups. It aims to return a system or data to a previous state, providing a safety net against accidental deletion, hardware failures, or other events leading to data loss.\par
3. What is the need of backup\par
ANS:- Backups are essential for preventing data loss and ensuring data recovery in the face of accidental deletions, hardware failures, cyber threats, and other unforeseen events. They provide a safety net, allowing users and organizations to restore critical information and maintain business continuity.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the tools of backup?\par
ANS:-rsync, tar, dd, dump, borg, duplicity, and bacula.\par
2. How do we restore?\par
ANS:-To restore data, identify the backup, access the backup tool, select the files or system state, choose the restore location, and initiate the restoration process. Verify the restored data, test system functionality if restoring a system, and document the process for reference. The steps may vary based on the backup solution used.\par
3. How to create a restore point?\par
ANS:-To create a restore point in Windows:\par
1. Open "System Properties" by right-clicking on "This PC" or "Computer," selecting "Properties," and then accessing the "System Protection" tab.\par
2. Click "Create," provide a descriptive name, confirm, and wait for completion. The restore point captures the current system state for potential future recovery.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to create restore point.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to restore from restore point.\par
ANS:-Done\par
3. Do a practical to take backup from another system.\par
ANS:- Done\par
4. Do a practical to take backup backup with a recuva backup tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Disk Management\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is Disk management?\par
ANS:- Asystem unitiy in windows for advanced storeges opertion.\par
2. What is the use of disk management?\par
ANS:-efficty untilize the available storege space and ensure and data integrety and security.\par
3. What are the merits of Disk management tool?\par
ANS:-clean up the unnecessery and unwanted file on the system.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Where can we find the disk management tool?\par
2. List out the operations we can do with disk management tool\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to create a new partition with disk management tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to convert from MBR to gpt from disk management tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to create new partition from existing partition.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Device Management\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is Device Management?\par
ANS:- enable organition to administer and maintain devices, including virtual machines physical computers, mobile device, and devices.\par
2. What is the need of device management?\par
ANS:-enable organization to administer and maintain device.\par
3. What are the benefits of Device management?\par
ANS:- application managment simplified device ,manegment boots produactivity cost reduction . \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Where can we access device management?\par
ANS:- on the taskbar in the search filed next to the start button thype device manager and then press the enter key.\par
2. List out the devices connected to the device management.\par
ANS:- device managemant connecting devices connectivity network devices device details overview.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to add a device with device management tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
2. Do a practical to delete a driver from the device management tool.\par
ANS:- Done\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Physical securitya\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Basic\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Why physical security needed?\par
ANS:-protect people proparty and physical assets from any action or event thet could lead to loss aur damage.\par
2. what is physical security?\par
ANS:-the protection of parsonal hardware network and data from physical action and events that could cause serious loss or damage to enterprise .\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment Level Intermediate\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. list out the ways of physical security.\par
ANS:- access control, security administrator, perimeter security, Lighting cameras, physical barriers, save the buckup.\par
2. How to protect system from malfunctioning due to electrical fluctuation?\par
ANS:-High quality surge protectors.\par
\cf3\fs36 Topic: Firewall settings\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level basic:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What is firewall?\par
ANS:-A berrier between two networks identiflying and blocking cyber threats while allowing appropriate traffic through.  \par
2. Why is firewall needed?\par
ANS:- provide protection againt outside cyber attackers by shielding your computer or network from malicious or unnecessary network traffic.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level Intermediate:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. What are the features of firewall?\par
ANS:- threat prevention, centralize visibility, firewall, filtering, hybrid cloud.\par
2. Describe types of firewall\par
ANS:- packet filtring firewall, circuit level gateways, steteful inspection firewall, proxy firewalls, generation firewall.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs40  Assignment level advance:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs32 1. Do a practical to allow anydesk through firewall.\par
ANS:-Done\par
2. do a practical to turn off the services of firewall.\par
AND:- Done\par
3. Do a practical to block ip messenger to access the network.\par
AND:-Done\par
}
 